# Landmark letter: Maggie

Maggie, I have come to the Landmark forum to drop a number of frustrations and traumas interpersonally, familialy, and romantically that have pulled energy and attention from me in focsusing on what matters most in life and what moves every day forward. What I’m actually accomplishing is realzing that I have to acknowledge the core root of some of my frustrations and reactions that I have to compensate and protect myself in life and how they have occurred within our family and how I am working on growing in a healthy way that protects my mental state but still demonstrates openness, respect, communication and value to those that I love. My goal going forward is to live an authentic life and be true to who I am and not fall into things out of fear, obligation, or indecision and yielding to desires and wants of others that implicitly or attempt to intentionally override mine. This has come up with us in our relationship in multiple ways and in the past year or soI have been moving towards establishing boundaries, but failed to communicated them because I did not have my voice. I just knew i had to hunker down and choose what i wanted. In fact, this happenned with Maya as well where I had to double down on my need/want despite the raging/bashing. This has happened with you wanting me to live with you so you would need to find a roommate, you pushing me to drive 16 hours across Colorado so you could use my car, demanding me to drive across the state to hang out on an inflexible date and you signing me up on your team for a race you were ill prepared for overriding a dream I’d had for longer, and spent much more time preparing for. I was establishing boundaries, without communicating what those were. I am moving into a space where we will be on the same page where you know what and why I am choosing what I want and need to do, as well as acknowledging that sometimes you will agree, and sometimes you wont. But i will be confident in foring whats best for myself.