# remote work ability

Answer: My main considerations for effective remote work are community, work environment(productivity), and communication. In non Covid-19 lockdown times, I work out of a co-working space to create a focused workspace as well as maintain a sense of professional community. During lockdown times, I work in a home office to compartmentalize work from personal space(ie, living room, kitchen, bedroom). I use a morning routine to foster motivation/productivity via making the bed, drinking water, meditation, breakfast, exercise and an outside walk. One of the simplest morning triggers I use to transition from 'personal' time to 'work' time is a quick shower and changing into 'work' clothes (casual slacks and a simple button down). During covid-19 times, Community wise, I maintain a slack group of engineers/entrepreneurs, call friends/family and network from home via http://lunchcub.ai/ For work environment and productivity, I work in the aforementioned office and use task tracking skills like prioritized checklists, time-boxing and Pomodoro techniques. For communication, I employ simple, effective tricks: all my online accounts have a clear headshot so no colleague has to look at a boring default avatar. Additionally, I update calendar working-hours and meetings, update slack-statuses (in meeting, eating lunch, heads down, available, etc); use annotation tools like Cloud App to supplement discussion of product mocks/bugs/UIs/etc; use screen recording tools like http://record.it/ and loom for video updates or bug/work explanations; Lastly, I maintain documentation in Github wikis, Notion pages confluence. All of these communication habits contribute asynchronous knowledge transfer/updates and personable online presence. A few things I can improve for the home remote setup is a standing desk (Varidesk) for ergonomic variety, as well as an upgraded microphone and web camera for production-level voice/video call quality.
Company: Untitled (https://www.notion.so/2316509554a7811d8305e5761202c002?pvs=21)
Question 1: What do you suppose are the challenges of working remotely, and how would you address them?