# Written Reference

Tom is an indispensable blend of technical acumen, initiative, mentoring, leadership and communication. Truly special coworkers are those that you learn from, either through observation or one's intentional instruction; Amazingly Tom provides opportunities for both.

Tom joined my team to provide expert-level assistance on back-end API architecture, AWS services/resources, testing implementation, and infrastructure management. He rapidly ramped up in our product scope through code review, colleague interviews, and communication with stakeholders and product management. He led the design and implementation of a scalable communication management system to integrate Airbnb, SMS messages and our virtual contact center software, decoupling a Dockerized Typescript ECR cluster into a cheaper, scalable, resilient serverless AWS implementation using lambda, and API-Gateway, SQS, Cloudwatch, dynamoDB, serverless/terraform infrastructure-as-code and CI/CD via Circle.

With each implementation, Tom took a moment to mentor junior engineers on principals such as S.O.L.I.D., the testing pyramid, decorator patterns, encapsulation and even the historical transition from languages like FORTRAN and LISP to Python and Javascript. Beyond mentoring, Tom actively dove into opportunities to lead the team via a scrum master role, persistent dialogue with product owners and stakeholders, and leading meetings on architecture, design decisions, knowledge sharing, and team progress. You will get more than you bargained for working with Tom: an excellent senior developer, leadership, business knowledge, and communication.