# Impact Statement

Try to write at least 1 page about why your worst traumatic event occurred. How has it affected your thoughts about safety, trust, power, control, self-esteem, or intimacy?

---

My worst traumatic event occurred because our family friends’ son (Christopher Raleigh Runnels) was and still is gay (homosexual male) and reached puberty very early and had a desire to explore, act out, and express himself sexually or rather receive sexual gratification, primarily. And he probably had little impulse control, partially because he was young with an underdeveloped brain, as well as some personal issues with impulse control or justice, rights either innate in his psyche, or exacerbated by family environment scenarios, ie, maybe some trauma or shame around being adopted, or potential some mal/underdevelopment issues from his birth mother in utero environment. I don’t know if I was the first person he coerced or attempted to coerce. I don’t know if he tried this on every family friend, or if there was something about me that seemed the most ‘attractive’ or ‘exploitable’, or perhaps I was the one with the weakest boundaries/barriers and deepest sense of appeasement. I think my logical brain understands that this is not a scenario I created or made, and that I was a victim who was either taken advantage of, or worse, forced into a situation, which is most likely the secondary scenario. But I guess the force was also enabled by a lack of boundaries, saying no. I could probably circle around on this one a while. I think there are also very weird premonitions I had around this time where I dreamt about giving oral sex to a male. And now that it’s been so long I wonder if that dream happened after, but I’m pretty sure it happened before which is so weird because i’ve continued to have a very very strong intuitive or even premonition sense throughout my whole life. Perhaps I was picking up on some prior advances from CRR, or even very deep down it makes me question if I wanted it. But in reality, I know I don’t and didn’t and I think me even suggested I may have wanted it was some sort of justification for the event or way to minimize it. I don’t know if I’ve even gotten to the core question or intended purpose of the question, yet, which is why this event occurred, and the main purpose is to identify some beliefs about myself that I hold which essentially faciliated or created or enable the index trauma event. And we kind of touched on them in the fact that I think that my communication on saying “No” wasn’t strong enough, or questioning if I even said it, but i guess i did when I said I didn’t want to go into his bed. and also, being sure of my boundaries or rather, it occuring because I either wasn’t sure of my boundaries or didn’t have the stength to uphold them. And I have looped in decision making, or poor abilities in deciison making as a result of the trauma, but perhaps could loop in this is a cause of the trauma as well. Not being sure in my decisions. I think there are aspects of my personality that also could have created the trauma, in the sense that I am very agreeable, to a fault and will be agreeable to the point of trampling over my own needs, or yielding to a deep sense of obligation, which is either  a cause of the trauma, or a result of. And then there is clear communication which is something i lack and perhaps not saying what I needed to say is what allowed the trauma, or I did say what I needed to say and it wasn’t listened to and so now I don’t trust or value my own communication. Sometimes I am surprised that just one sentance of what I need isn’t sufficient in communication needs and boundaries and I feel surprised I need to defend my boundaries against people or from people. Perhaps this is a just world belief. I think other simple thoughts about the index trauma are that it occured, because I didn’t just leave the room and go tell his parents or just sleep on the living room couch, or sleep in the hallway, or just go be in a public setting inside of the house so that these things couldn’t happen in private. Also, why not just go tattle on him? Why the fuck not? Would I feel bad for telling on him? Or ashamed that this was happening? Or I could have screamed and didn’t, maybe I was scared that that was too much. Or I could have just hid in the bathroom or pretending to be asleep and not responded to anything he said. There were so many things i could have done to prevent or avoid the trauma and I didn’t do them. But I did do them earlier in not engaging and not going into his bed. Maybe he just wore me down. I think the main takeaways or explanations of the trauma and its results are that my boundaries are weak, my NOs are not strong or non existent, my communication is lacking and indirect and my trust in my own decisions is limited. My boundaries are weak because I don’t trust them, or my ability to uphold them in the face of something working against them, and my NOs are calibrated in the opposite direction, to where I think that bad things happen if I say no and my communication is limited, bc I think my voice doesn’t matter or i am ashamed to have not used it when it mattered so I don’t try to anymore. And my decisions i don’t trust either because I don’t value them, or I have it engrained that they don’t matter, or that I just don’t trust them because bad things happend and I don’t want to make a decision (another decision?) that leads to more bad things.. Safety, trust, power, control, itimacy. There are few topics to cover here. 
I think the event has impacted my life in a number of ways, either directly, or indriectly by me ascribing meaning to it, by attaching my worst behaviors to it as a reason or justification for them happening. For one, it was an event that I though of everyday for over a decade until enough time had passed and I had enough stimulation to drown it out. It bounced around my brain every day from age 8ish until 19 or 20 when I was in college. And I think for a while I had dismissed it as a natural thing that happens, but that fact that it sat with me in such a way that was ever present was and is clearly an indicator that it was trauma. Not even the best waves or funnniest laughs are things that I remember everyday day for over a decade. Also, this is something that hasn’t happened for a while, but I think it’s probably connected in that I would have random violent thoughts of hitting people that I would walk by, but like severely and be ultra violent to humands and animals around me, nothing i ever acted out on, but for so many years. I had these latent violent urges, that I never acted on. But, I did feel like I had a temper at some point in my life, but maybe even feel like I still have one. I’d never had it go off toward someone. Actually, that’s not true I have screamed at my Mom and Sister in my life. I have also kicked a hole in the wall, and punched walls and had a mele of breaking furniture, and hitting walls and one time I through a bag of screws against the wlal, and one time last year, or in 2022, I slammed on the accelerator when I my girlfriend was shouting at me. I also broke my tv once and I broke my phone in college. i think violence s a form of expression that i lean on bc i couldn’t use my voice, and it’s sorta of impulsive, as well.

I think I have felt unsafe around gay men dowffwfffd partiallly because of the index trauma, if not entirely from the index trauma and then JIM Hayden molesting me in high school. it did starte tp part  of ddfwjddnjdddjsjkndb it seemed part of a theme or pattern that i couldn’t get out of.aeaamaddaddddddaldafda. i’M ATrti to crash. The main othe things to go over are the fact that beyond safety amongst homosexual males, i can be hypervigilent, and try to make sure I’m making the perfect decision or maybe it’s a control things so I know what my envirionment is and so noehting bad will happen to me I attempted to plan every day of my first bike trip, before it occurred and realized that was idiotic, but i Parker house i FOUND all replacements for the house and didn’t trust anyone else to, or at least find someone i liked and felt comfortable with. I think my trust is affected in that I don’t really trust intimate partners ad can’t let them in or open up to them, at least for the good ones. I don’t really lean on anyone or think I need anyone. Maybe it’s taht I feel like I don’t deserve love because of deepseated toxic shame around the event and myself. I think that they won’t love me, or that I don’t deserve love. I think also I try to choose the perfect partner and don’t trust myself in mkaing hte right choice of someone coming into my life. I think I allow partners in taht prove that I should not trust intimate parterns, ie, Tara, Becca, Maya and then use that to not allow people in that I could/should trust: Brigette, Shaye, Heather. Intimacy is elusive. Power is weakened. Intimacy is elusive in the sense that with Becca literally anything I said was a fucking argument and shit all over, so I just gave up on being myself, which is essentially being intimate and then it was calibrated so far off that very minimal moments of intimacy I thought were big wins, but were actually very surface level, ie allowing myself to say what furniture I liked, or not fighting when driving around town. I think there are effects of me hating myself, which stems from toxic shame. I feel like i can only take criticism and critical feedback and can’t let praise or love land. I feel so uncomfortable with gifts and compliments.

I forgot to get into self esteem, I think it has lowered my self esteem to where i feel inadequate in life and maybe reach for perfectionism in my self and choices/decisions etc. I don’t think it is a direct correlation of I feel shitty becuase this happened, but more of a core internal wound and feeling shitty about myself. I think this manifest in romantic relationships, mainly, but i guess professional relationships, as well. I end up with poor partners and can’t advocate for my needs or stand up for myself and tolerate a fair bit of emotional abuse. I also experienced this in feeling obliged to join the start up Hooked, where I uncovered that they lied to me about their numbers and couldn’t assertively stand up and confront them and or just walk away in power and feel completely justified about it. I think this trauma experiences also makes me feel more alive when discussing or talking about trauma, in it’s almost easier for me to chat or discuss trauma than other things in life, but I would much rather discuss other things in life. This showed up in my most recent significant romantic involvement where I complained about my exes a lot and she joined in and it made it so we couldn’t really connect to each other. I realized this when reading TBKTS in that trauma survivors are more activated when feeling or discussing trauma and I think that has happened with me.

It sort of feels like i’m attributed all the negative things in my life to this traumatic event and maybe not acknowledging some inherent character flaws that i need to work on in all these adult professional and interpersonal relationships. But fuck it if resolving this internally helps resolve these other things, i’ll take it. I think there maybe some beneficial things that have come from the trauma. I’m very resilient and know that I can get through whatever the worst case scenario of something is bc literally nothing can be as bad as the traumatic experience I had. I think also, knowing that I have experienced that and been working through it internally and silently and explicitly whilst all these other things in life are occuring also shows a deep inner strength that I have. I think it makes me very very aware of boundaries of other people and respecting them and maintaining strict adherence to them.. But also I think it makes it so painful that I crossed my friends boundary in high school by grabbing my friend’s butt under her pants that I’ve felt so much shame that i did that and double shame that I didn’t have the strength to address it and apologize and i’ve felt like I could never have a relationship and dont deserve one and additionally, I felt like i had no right to deal with my own trauma if I had inflicted pain on someone else.

I also think that it has affected my intimacy in at times me seeking out a ton of back to back or even overlapping casual interactions and I think it has made me a committment phobe, but maybe that’s just fear of committing to the wrong person. It definitely makes me fearful in communication and i guess avoidant in romantic commitment as well ause I’m ferful of abandonment or feel like i dont deserve commitment. I think this traumatic experience also cases some default behavior or trend towards victim mindsets, but I hold immense accountability so maybe not. But I definitley had a victim mindset with Becca and Maya and Hooked and allowed that instead of owning my life and moving forward with authority and power. I think it could have also impacted my view on relationships in that I never think I need one and think that being involve in one is a sign of internal weakness, but that could hve been trauma from my first girlfriend Tara. 

---

## Attributions

- Past: Why do I think it happened
    - boundaries
    - hurt partners
    - inability to receive compliments
    - not being able to advocate for my needs
    - not advocate for my needs
    - all or nothing
    - Find stuck points in the writing
    - 
- Future: How did I change and how have I been acting

---

## HW

-avoid avoidance

-look at emotions around stuck points: stuck points log

could be an if-then

why it happened or what I believe now

-one ABC sheet/day

one about the index trauma

abc and emotions, what i said then and what I say now?

---

## Thoughts

-am i attributing everything to this event?

-if there is a pattern there is a belief

## Coginitive Model

A: event

B: what I tell myself

C: consequence: emotions